PEP 594: Typos, formatting and consistency (#1082)
python/peps: pep-0594.rst

removal is either least controversial or most beneficial. For example,
least controversial are 30-year-old multimedia formats like the ``sunau``
audio format, which was used on SPARC and NeXT workstations in the late
1980s. The ``crypt`` module has fundamental flaws that are better solved
outside the standard library.

This PEP also designates some modules as not scheduled for removal. Some
modules have been deprecated for several releases or seem unnecessary at
first glance. However it is beneficial to keep the modules in the standard
library, mostly for environments where installing a package from PyPI is not
an option. This can be corporate environments or classrooms where external
code is not permitted without legal approval.

* The usage of FTP is declining, but some files are still provided over
  the FTP protocol or hosters offer FTP to upload content. Therefore
  ``ftplib`` is going to stay.
* The ``optparse`` and ``getopt`` modules are widely used. They are mature
  modules with very low maintenance overhead.
* According to David Beazley [5]_ the ``wave`` module is easy to teach to
  kids and can make crazy sounds. Making a computer generate crazy sounds is

>   powerful and highly motivating exercise for a 9-yearl-old aspiring developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  powerful and highly motivating exercise for a nine-year-old aspiring developer.
```

Author: Oops! Thanks!
